## The Last Day of Winter

The vernal equinox is tomorrow. In no other time in my life have I been so attuned to the coming of spring.

In my visits to Marsh Wren over the last few weeks, The coming on of spring has come on, little by little, with each visit.
As on March 4th when I pulled up to the parking lot, opened my door and knew. 

The Killdeer are back.

I had not seen them (or more importantly, heard them) there on the last day of February when it was so quiet I could hear a single Eastern Bluebird 
singing from the highest branches across the Salt Creek.
In the time since November, when I counted over 50 Killdeer on the water (along with a very late Avocet), I had forgotten the way Killdeer dominate the soundscape. 
Despite hearing them right away, that first day Killdeer were back at Marsh Wren, I apparently did not hear the growing alarm in nearest Killdeer's call 
as I approached and flushed maybe 100 geese off the water.

I am glad the Killdeer are back.

Other familiar birdsong has started to rejoin the chorus. Red-Winged Black Birds have begun to call. And the Meadowlarks. And today, on the last day of Winter,
a Brown-headed Cowbird. All of these are birds I recorded on the very first ebird checklist I made on May 1st of last year. That checklist marks the 
beginning of my birding journey. That checklist took place at Marsh Wren. 
This year, I am meeting these birds again having learned a lot. This year, I am meeting these birds again having a lot to learn. 

0 days left of winter.

-K
